In alast lectures we learn how we can register controls and how we can submit the form and also which
properties this form has now.
Right now we submit the form by passing the form which we get via entry form here to the ONS and method
does absolutely fine and probably the approach you will use in many use cases.
I just want to bring some other approach to your attention.
You don't have to submit it here.
Remember the components section where we learned about at viewed child which allowed us to access a
local reference element controlled or which holds a local reference in our typescript code.
Well in the end we do just have such a local reference here.
And whilst it might not point to elementary math but udy any form object it still has a local reference
in our template so we can all use at you child here.
So I will simply comment out this on submit method here so that we have it in the code you can find
attached to this module and show you an alternative approach in this alternative approach.
I will use at you child days decorator you learn about and component sections so make sure to import
it from an angular core.
And once you get X 2D element which has the local reference math on it.
So I pass f as a string as an argument to child.
And then I could simply stored as a variable name and sign up for any name you like which will be of
type and form of course no one owns a permit.
I could output this sign up for him like this.
And you should see that if I now submit this again we still have this for him.
And I can also enter something so that we can see that this works too if we have a look at the value.
So this gives us access to the very same form without passing a two on submit.
This is especially useful if you need to access the forum not just at the point of time when you submitted
but also earlier.
And it would show a use case for days in a later lecture.
For now let's keep in mind that this is another way of getting access to the form in our typescript
code a perfectly valid way of getting access and before diving deeper into why this might be useful
or when we could use that let's actually understand how we can control the validity of the form.
So to determine whether the form is valid if we entered a valid email address or not because right now
I can submit anything no matter if this is invalid if it is empty.
It would be nice if you could add such validation and take advantage of the tools.
Gives us there to possibly also enhance the user experience by placing a red border around invalid elements
or something like this.
We'll have a look at validation in the next lectures.